Update lob-apps-macos.md (#3192)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/apps/lob-apps-macos.md

> Starting with the release of macOS Catalina 10.15, prior to adding your apps to Intune, check to make sure your macOS LOB apps are notarized. If the developers of your LOB apps did not notarize their apps, the apps will fail to run on your users' macOS devices. For more information about how to check if an app is notarized, visit [Notarize your macOS apps to prepare for macOS Catalina](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Intune-Customer-Success/Support-Tip-Notarizing-your-macOS-apps-to-prepare-for-macOS/ba-p/808579).
> 
> macOS LOB apps have a maximum size limit of 2 GB per app.
>

> > macos LOB apps need to have a logo, else it will be not displayed in the Apps section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> macOS LOB apps need to have a logo. If they don't have a logo, they will not be displayed in the apps section.
```
